Steven: Hey game boarders, I'm Steve Nash.
Michaela: And I'm Michaela di Cesare, and here's our review of Talisman.
[Exciting combat music in the background]
Steven: This game by Fantasy Flight Games is awesome!
Your character is in a fantasy world setting and he's trying to
get the legendary Crown of Command!
Michaela: Yeah, and you start the game by selecting one character of many
and just placing him on the starting location.
Steven: What's really cool is that each character has an alignment;
he can be good, evil or neutral, and this affects how you play.
Michaela: The game is also very random;
a lot of rolling of dices and drawing cards are random.
I mean sometimes the weakest enemy can defeat you,
or landing on a square you really need takes forever because movement is by dice roll.
But it doesn't change the fact that this game is a blast to play, when you're over four players.
Steven: I agree, it's very random.
You roll the dice to move, then you roll the dice to see what you get,
then you draw a card at random to see who you encounter etc.
But still fun and fast-paced.
Michaela: I like the fact that when you meet a monster and don't defeat him he stays on the board.
So the board is always being upgraded with monsters, shops and NPCs.
Steve: Speaking of NPCs, you can also get followers to help you in this quest.
I love this part of the game!
You can also have a mule follower that helps you carry more items.
Michaela: Yes, but you have to be careful.
Some followers are actually annoying and can ruin the game for you.
Steve: Okay so let's talk about the board. It's separated in three parts;
the outer ring, the middle ring and the center.
The outer ring is basically forest, woods, towns and plains.
The objective of the game is to get your character for the center square,
called the “Crown of Command”.
Michaela: So your character ventures for a while on the outside region
until he feels strong enough to go to the middle region.
You can get there by killing the Sentinel at the bridge
or if you have an axe, build a raft when you're in the woods.
Steve: Once in the middle region you try to get a Talisman,
which is the key to enter the Crown of Command-room.
So once you have a Talisman
you try to enter the center region, where you can only move one square at a time.
Defeat all the challenges, again mostly by rolling dices.
Michaela: What really sucks is once you've done all the challenges
and are about to enter the Crown room,
another player most likely has the “Steal spell”, which makes you lose your Talisman.
And then you're stuck there feeling you just want to quit the game.
Steve: That's true, when that happens it`s the most annoying thing ever.
Michaela: So once you're lucky enough to be in the crown room, you roll one dice when it's your turn.
For every five, four or six, everyone else loses a life.
When everybody dies, you win.
Steve: But you have to be careful!
Because if another player comes into that room,
then you have to battle to death using only strength.
Meaning if your character is a craft-character, then you might get a beating.
Michaela: That's why we made the house rule of choosing what you want to attack with.
We just didn't see why a craft user wouldn't use craft to attack.
Steve: So that's the overview of the game.
What did you think about the quality? The fun factor? And the artwork?
Michaela: The artwork is really nice!
The board itself and the pieces are very detailed,
beautiful character sheets and overall a really fun game to play.
Until the other player steals your Talisman right before you enter the Crown room.
Steve: I can't agree more with you. That pretty much sums up my score, is 9 on 10.
Michaela: 9 on 10 for me as well.
Steve: So there you have it folks.
To get our latest reviews, check us out on Twitter or follow us on our Facebook page at “Board to Death TV”.
Michaela: Yeah, you can also send us emails
to let us know what games you want to see reviewed on the show.
Steve: Thanks again for watching and happy gaming!